README.md, before:

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen.svg?include_prereleases)](https://github.com/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/releases)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/CI/master)](https://github.com/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/actions?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![Codecov status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/master)](https://codecov.io/gh/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/branch/master)
[![License: GPLv3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen.svg)](https://github.com/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/graphs/contributors)

# TV Vlaanderen Kodi Add-on

*plugin.video.tvvlaanderen* is een Kodi add-on om Live TV, Restart en Replay te bekijken met je TV Vlaanderen abonnement. 

> Note: Je hebt hiervoor een betaald abonnement nodig bij [TV Vlaanderen](https://www.tv-vlaanderen.be/).

Meer informatie kan je vinden op de [Wiki pagina](https://github.com/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/wiki).

## Features

De volgende features worden ondersteund:
* Live TV
* Restart TV, bekijk het huidige programma vanaf het begin (niet voor alle zenders)
* Replay TV, bekijk een programma tot 7 dagen terug (niet voor alle zenders)
* Doorzoeken van alle programma's
* Integratie met [IPTV Manager](https://github.com/add-ons/service.iptv.manager)

## Screenshots

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="resources/screenshot01.jpg" width=270></td>
    <td><img src="resources/screenshot02.jpg" width=270></td>
    <td><img src="resources/screenshot03.jpg" width=270></td>
  </tr>
 </table>

## Disclaimer

Deze add-on wordt niet ondersteund door TV Vlaanderen, en wordt aangeboden 'as is', zonder enige garantie.
TV Vlaanderen is een merk van Canal+ Luxembourg S. à r.l.

Commit message:

Add support for building different brands (#39)
* Add support for building different brands.

* Fix Makefile

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update .pylintrc

* Pylint fix

* Add config for more providers

* Remove hardcoded translated error message

README.md, after:

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen.svg?include_prereleases)](https://github.com/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/releases)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/CI/master)](https://github.com/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/actions?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![Codecov status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/master)](https://codecov.io/gh/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/branch/master)
[![License: GPLv3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0)
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen.svg)](https://github.com/add-ons/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/graphs/contributors)

# TV Vlaanderen (and other M7 Group based) Kodi Add-on

This project contains the codebase for multiple M7 Group add-ons. While this repository can be used for all supported
providers, it's recommended to use the build Add-on from the list below. This allows you to install multiple add-ons at
the same time.

## Supported providers

| Provider                                           | Country                      | Add-on                                                                  |
|----------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [TV Vlaanderen](https://livetv.tv-vlaanderen.be/)  | Belgium (Flanders)           | [plugin.video.tvvlaanderen](brands/plugin.video.tvvlaanderen/README.md) |
| [HD Austria](https://livetv.hdaustria.at/)         | Austria                      | [plugin.video.hdaustria](brands/plugin.video.hdaustria/README.md)       |

### Unsupported providers

These providers are known to use the same API, but we are unable to test this. Let us know if you are interested in
helping out to add support for these providers or if any other VOD providers from the M7 Group are missing from this
list.

| Provider                                           | Country                      |
|----------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| [Canal Digitaal](https://livetv.canaldigitaal.nl/) | The Netherlands              |
| [DirectOne](https://livetv.directone.hu/)          | Hungary                      |
| [Focus Sat](https://livetv.focussat.ro/)           | Romania                      |
| [NextGenTel](https://nextgentel.tv/)               | Norway                       |
| [Skylink.cz](https://livetv.skylink.cz/)           | Czechia                      |
| [Skylink.sk](https://livetv.skylink.sk/)           | Slovakia                     |
| [TéléSat](https://livetv.telesat.be/)              | Belgium (Wallonia & Brussels |
| [TriNed](https://livetv.trined.nl)                 | The Netherlands              |

# Related projects

- [plugin.video.sl](https://github.com/Sorien/plugin.video.sl)

## Disclaimer

This add-on is not supported by M7 Group, and is provided 'as is', without any guarantee.
